AndroidAPS is designed to be _controlled_ by Android Wear watches.  To achieve this you needed to select the build variant "fullWearcontrolRelease" when [building the APK](https://github.com/MilosKozak/AndroidAPS/wiki/Building-APK).  Within AndroidAPS, in the ConfigBuilder you need to enable Wear.  There are several watchfaces to choose from that include average delta, IOB, currently active temp basal rate and basal profiles + CGM readings graph.  You can also use the AAPS app on the watch to set a temporary target, administer a bolus, use the bolus wizard, prime/fill, and check the status of loop and pump.  Ensure notifications from AndroidAPS are not blocked on the watch. Confirmation of action (e.g. bolus, tempt target) comes via notification which you will need to swipe and tick.

On Android Wear 2.0 the watch screen does not install by itself anymore.  You need to go into the playstore on the watch (not the same as the phone playstore) and find it in the category apps installed on your phone, from there you can activate it.  Also enable auto update.

If you are using another looping system and want to _view_ your looping detail on an AndroidWear watch, or want to watch your child's looping, then you can build just the watch APK.  To do this follow the [build APK instructions](https://github.com/MilosKozak/AndroidAPS/wiki/Building-APK) selecting the build variant "nsclientWearRelease".  There are several watchfaces to choose from that include average delta, IOB, currently active temp basal rate and basal profiles + CGM readings graph.

Pebble users can use the [Urchin watchface](https://github.com/mddub/urchin-cgm) to _view_ looping data (if uploaded to nightscout), but you will not be able to interact with AndroidAPS through the watch.  You can choose fields to display such as IOB and currently active temp basal rate and predictions.  If open looping you can use [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/) to create an applet that says if Notification received from AndroidAPS then send either SMS or pushover notification.
